Fix exception logging (#21)
spinnaker/spinnakerbot: README.md

This assumes you have build access in the `spinnaker-community` GCP project
-- you can edit `PROJECT` variable in the `Makefile` to change this.

## Deploying to Production

Upon merge, a build will be triggered in the [`spinnaker-community` Google Cloud
Build project](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build?project=spinnaker-community).
This build will deploy the latest version to production.

> It runs as a [Google Cloud Run service](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/run/detail/us-central1/spinbot/revisions?project=spinnaker-community). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It runs as a [Google Cloud Run service](https://console.cloud.google.com/run/detail/us-central1/spinbot/revisions?project=spinnaker-community). 
```
